README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Jorge! 👋

## About Me
I'm a **Staff Software Engineer** passionate about **Distributed Systems and Robotics**.  
- 🌱 Learning: Rust | ROS2
- 🌍 Languages: C++ | Python | Rust | English | Spanish 
- 📫 Reach me: [![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jsrivaya)

<!-- - 🔭 Working on: [Project]  -->

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
<!-- ### Languages -->
[![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](https://isocpp.org)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org)
[![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Rust-000000?logo=rust&logoColor=white)](https://www.rust-lang.org)
[![DDS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-DDS-314FAD?logo=protocol&logoColor=white)](https://www.omg.org/dds/)

<!-- ### Tools & Platforms -->
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com)
[![Podman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Podman-892CA0?logo=podman&logoColor=white)](https://podman.io)
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?logo=linux&logoColor=black)](https://www.kernel.org)   

<!-- ### DevOps & APIs -->
![CI/CD](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CI/CD-000000?logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![REST](https://img.shields.io/badge/-REST-009688?logo=api&logoColor=white)

<!-- ### Methodologies -->
![TDD](https://img.shields.io/badge/TDD-Test__Driven__Development-0A7E8C)
![Clean Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Clean__Code-Principles-42ba96)
![Agile](https://img.shields.io/badge/Agile-Scrum-F2A230)
![Sprint Planning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sprint__Planning-Agile__Methodology-F2A230)

<!-- ## Top Languages here --
![Jorge's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JSRIVAYA&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JSRIVAYA&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/JSRIVAYA/github-readme-stats)

<a href="https://github.com/jsrivaya/github-readme-stats">
  <img height=200 align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JSRIVAYA&show_icons=true&theme=dark" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/jsrivaya/convoychat">
  <img height=200 align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JSRIVAYA&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=dark&langs_count=8&card_width=320" />
</a>
-->
<!--
## Featured Projects
### [Project Name](link)
Brief description of what it does and tech used.

## Get in Touch
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jsrivaya) | [Portfolio](link)   
-->

<!--
**jsrivaya/jsrivaya** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with fun fact and contact details
Added a fun fact and clarified contact information.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Jorge! 👋

## About Me
I'm a **Staff Software Engineer** passionate about **Distributed Systems and Robotics**.  
- 🌱 Learning: Rust | ROS2
- 🌍 Languages: C++ | Python | Rust | English | Spanish 
- ⚡ Fun fact: I work as a Ski Patroller on the weekends
- 📫 How to reach me: [![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jsrivaya)

<!-- - 🔭 Working on: [Project]  -->

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
<!-- ### Languages -->
[![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](https://isocpp.org)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org)
[![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Rust-000000?logo=rust&logoColor=white)](https://www.rust-lang.org)
[![DDS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-DDS-314FAD?logo=protocol&logoColor=white)](https://www.omg.org/dds/)

<!-- ### Tools & Platforms -->
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com)
[![Podman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Podman-892CA0?logo=podman&logoColor=white)](https://podman.io)
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?logo=linux&logoColor=black)](https://www.kernel.org)   

<!-- ### DevOps & APIs -->
![CI/CD](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CI/CD-000000?logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![REST](https://img.shields.io/badge/-REST-009688?logo=api&logoColor=white)

<!-- ### Methodologies -->
![TDD](https://img.shields.io/badge/TDD-Test__Driven__Development-0A7E8C)
![Clean Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Clean__Code-Principles-42ba96)
![Agile](https://img.shields.io/badge/Agile-Scrum-F2A230)
![Sprint Planning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sprint__Planning-Agile__Methodology-F2A230)

<!-- ## Top Languages here --
![Jorge's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JSRIVAYA&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JSRIVAYA&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/JSRIVAYA/github-readme-stats)

<a href="https://github.com/jsrivaya/github-readme-stats">
  <img height=200 align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JSRIVAYA&show_icons=true&theme=dark" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/jsrivaya/convoychat">
  <img height=200 align="top" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JSRIVAYA&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=dark&langs_count=8&card_width=320" />
</a>
-->
<!--
## Featured Projects
### [Project Name](link)
Brief description of what it does and tech used.

## Get in Touch
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jsrivaya) | [Portfolio](link)   
-->

<!--
**jsrivaya/jsrivaya** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
